I created my web portfolio using bootstrap framework instead of doing everything by scratch in HTML and CSS. I don't enjoy web development and I think if I wanted to further my career learning another language french would be a better language than CSS and HTML. I've never been so frustrated in my life trying to learn anything. I don't think the remote learning helped in anyway what so ever and the SPA is completely booked whenever an assignment is coming up, which is literally the only time we need them. 

I'm not sure why alignment and centering things has to be so damn difficult. I still don't understand when I should be using padding over margin or margin over border. And once a few elements are in place I'm in deep trouble because I can't figure out how they respond to each other. It makes no sense to me and I might as well be randomizing different classes until I get the effect I want. I have yet to be able to build almost anything the way I want it and between going to school full time, taking on a full time internship at the same time, and being a professional middle act stand up comedian I did not have an extra 20+ hours to play code games for every assignment. Thankfully Bootstrap is pretty similar to a standard CMS except without the graphical interface. It's something I plan on trying to figure out this summer when I can finally get 5+ hours of sleep.

I spent two hours trying to make hover states work to no avail and could not figure out how to make my nav bar not cover up my header image. 

All the images were my own and I use the bootstrap website to help me figure out the contact form.
